Update MTU issues (#120)
tfpauly/draft-happy-eyeballs-v3: draft-ietf-happy-happyeyeballs-v3.md

## Path Maximum Transmission Unit Discovery

Connections that use TCP only (without TLS or another protocol on top)
perform connection racing only during the TCP handshake. Such connections
can encounter issues where the handshake (using small packets) completes
but then large packets are dropped or incorrectly handled by the network

> due to MTU issues on the network. Such issues might be specific to IPv6

Author: ```suggestion
due to a small MTU being configured on the network. Such issues might be specific to IPv6
```

traffic on the network.

When TLS is used during connection racing, or when QUIC connections are
used, larger packets will be sent during the connection establishment

> phase. For QUIC connections, a minimum MTU of at least 1200 bytes

Reviewer: TLS may dodge this in common configurations, but there's no guarantee that it would.  TLS supports some very small handshakes that could slip under any MTU cliff.

```suggestion
This problem can also occur when TLS is used, but the larger
messages used in many TLS handshakes are often sufficient to
ensure maximum-size TCP segments are deliverable. For QUIC
connections, a minimum MTU of at least 1200 bytes
```

Author: Sounds good
